INSTALL

=Installation Instructions=
==Required==
After downloading, you will need to extract the files and upload them to your
server where you want them. You must then ensure that the "sigs" directory is
writable by the script (chmod 755) - otherwise none of the sigs will be saved!
You will now need to configure the script for your server. Open config.php and
look for the line saying:

	$statserver="localhost";
	
Set localhost to the address of your SQL server. Now search for the lines:

	$statsuser="username";
	$statspass="password";
	$statsdb="hlstats";
	
Each these need to be changed to your MySQL database user's username and
password, and the database name respectively. Note: SuperSigs will never modify
your data, but if you want extra security you can make a new database user with
only read access to the database for SuperSigs to use.

The next thing to edit is your server name. Look for the line containing

	$servername="www.festersplace.com";
	
Replace it with your website's URL (without the "http://" part). The text here
is the text that is written in the bottom right hand corner of the signatures
in a smaller font (see example.png).

You should also change the $name variable to be your server's name (e.g. My
wesome Server).

The following line:

	$statsDir="hlstatsx";

Needs to be changed to the location of your stats directory. This is so that the
generator can produce a signature that links to your individual player view
stats. For instance, if you can view stats on
http://yourserver.com/hlstatsx/hlstats.php then the HLStatsX directory is
"hlstatsx". 

You will also need to change the directory of this script

	$sigsDir="supersigs";
	
to point to the directory of the installation of Supersigs, for example if you
were to access your generator through http://www.hello.com/sigs/generate.php
then the value should be set to "sigs". 

The game that you are using Supersigs for needs to be set also. Search for the
line

	$game = "tf";

This needs to be changed to one of the codes shown above the line in comments.
For example, if you were using Fortress Forever then change "tf" to "ff".

==Optional==
You can also set the cache time. This is the amount of time before each
signature is re-made with up-to-date stats and is measured in seconds. If you
set it to 0, it will render itself every time somebody views a page with the
signature on. For example:

	$cacheExpiryTime = 3600;
	
represents an expiry time of one hour (the default setting).

Now look for the line that says:

	// The size of the text in the printout
	$size = 12;

This is the size of the font. This can be changed to anything you like, but be
careful - too big and you will get overlapping.

You may also edit the foreground and background colours of the text used in the
signatures. The default is a white foreground with a black background, but you
may change it to anything you want. The script uses RGB values for colours, and
you can use a site such as this to find the correct RGB value for the colour you
want. To edit the colours, find the following lines and set them to the values
you want:

	// Foreground white, rgb(255,255,255)
	$foregroundr = 255;
	$foregroundg = 255;
	$foregroundb = 255;

	// Background black, rgb(0,0,0)
	$backgroundr = 0;
	$backgroundg = 0;
	$backgroundb = 0;

Note: The download only contains sample background images for Team Fortress 2,
and if you plan on running this on a different game you will need to add your
own background images for the script to work. Check the FAQ for more information
on adding your own sigs.
